[Music]
what is up YouTube it's your girl Evelyn
and I am back with the season 3 episode
4 recap of killing Eve as always there
will be spoilers so proceed with caution
episode 4 begins in Poland as we ride
along with Niko on his bread delivery
that's right bread delivery after
checking himself out of the sanitarium
Niko has returned to this simple life
and seems happy for the first time in
three seasons we watch as he takes a
terrible insta selfie delivers bread to
a nice old lady and ignores Eve's
incessant text messages Eve on the other
hand has become a smelly train wreck
after last week's the teddy bear scare
she has unofficially moved into the
bitter pill offices but hasn't quite
figured out the whole shower thing yet
she receives a text from Niko and almost
drops her phone in shock and excitement
after getting dressed and pilfering
bears cocoa puffs Eve gets back to work
but after Charles Krueger's
assassination the Geneva account trail
has gone cold
she and bear began searching the current
string of 12 assassinations for clues
and are interrupted by a birthday cake
delivery for Eve she already knows who
it's from and takes the cake to the roof
to open it just in case it explodes the
cake is an adorable replica of a
double-decker bus you know like the one
she and villanelle shared their first
kiss on Eve impulsively pitches the cake
off the roof into the parking lot below
and seems to instantly regret it Jamie
then pops up and after confirming that
today is really Eve's birthday he
informs her she can't squat at the
bitter pill offices but sweetly offers
his place as an alternative the new
roommates bond over takeout and swap
stories about what terrible people they
are Jamie took his kid to the zoo while
he was high on ketamine's
'if cheated on her husband and was
indirectly responsible for putting him
in the hospital with a severe case of
PTSD not to be outdone Jamie gave his
best friend the drugs that ended up
killing him Eve opens her mouth to
one-up Jamie again but stops herself and
we can't help wondering what she was
about to say
[Music]
it's bedtime and Eve is using thoughts
of villanelle to block out Jamie's loud
ass cistern when Nikko comes through
with yet another text message and Eve
becomes as giddy as a schoolgirl back at
the bitter pill
thanks to villanelles flair for the
dramatic Eve is able to link the murder
of the political agitator to dashas 1974
murder of her admirer but before they
can get any further Eve receives yet
another text from Nikko and pieces out
on the investigation
[Music]
Eve pops up in Poland like it's only a
couple miles away and finds Niko hanging
out in a barn doing barn things she
waves happily and walks toward him but
we have to wait to find out what
happened because we are then whisked to
Russia where Constantine is watching his
daughter Irina being dropped off to
school after a cute reunion in which
Irina curses her father under her breath
the two take a stroll around Moscow
while Irina eats ice cream but
Constantine's daughter is far from a
clueless child she calls him out on his
selfishness then warns him that his
duplicity will eventually get him killed
she demands that he get his
together and come up with a plan
Konstantin is back in London and
visiting with Charles Krueger's clueless
Widow Bertha before his death Charles
sent Bertha an email explaining that he
had figured out the identity of the
embezzler and if anything happened to
him she should send the email and an
attached file to a certain email address
but in her confusion in grief Bertha had
yet to do so
Konstantin instructs her to send the
file to him and he'll take care of
everything
he then suggests she goes somewhere safe
and she tells him she'll go to her
holiday house a quick check in with
villanelle shows her attempting to make
a birthday cake for Eve but there's no
time to dwell on semantics Dasha has
arrived and after telling villanelle her
cake not only looks terrible but tastes
terrible she casually asked villanelle
if she ran into anyone worth mentioning
while she was in London villanelle of
course lies and Dasha clearly knows it
but strangely let's it go
she tells villanelle that the 12 want to
meet with her soon and villanelle is
estatic convinced she's finally getting
her promotion Dasha tells her to stay
out of trouble and most importantly to
stay put Konstantin surprises villanelle
on the street by scaring her
which just pisses her off Hostin teen
wants to discuss some top-secret stuff
so they hop in a cable car for a little
private
see they exchange some info about a
villanelle tells Constantine its Eve's
birthday and Constantine tells
villanelle about Nikko dumping Eve which
unsurprisingly tickles villanelle
Constantine then cuts to the chase he
has a lead on villanelles family and
will locate them for her but villanelle
must first do him a favor
kill bertha Krueger villanelle is in
France tending the garden at the widow
Krueger's holiday house after her cable
car conversation with Constantine she
developed a bad case of hiccups Bertha
tries to cure villanelle by attempting
to scare her it doesn't work but
villanelle seems to really like it and
encourages the widow to keep scaring her
they playfully chase each other around
the elaborate gardens until villanelle
strangles the woman with a garden hose
we can't forget about Carolyn it's 5
a.m. and she awakens to the sound of
frogs she gets dressed and on her way
out passes by Geraldine who's awake for
some reason
Carolyn meets with her mi6 supervisor
Paul and he can't apologize fast enough
apparently
Charles Krueger's death has changed his
tune significantly and he gives Carolyn
back full authority over the
investigation as well as her office
Carolyn is on her way home when she sees
Constantine casually walking by while
talking on the phone when she arrives
home Geraldine is clearly surprised to
see her so early in the day Carolyn
low-key interrogate her daughter and
Geraldine's answers are super sketch she
then dramatically falls to her knees
sobbing she tells Carolyn she's worried
about her and insists they talk about
Kenny
Carolyn's like no then cryptically hints
that perhaps Geraldine is keeping things
from her as well
Carolyn then returns to her bedroom
turns on her frog noise machine
then screams or sobs into her pillow
Tasha has just completed her laps in the
pool and is in the middle of a smoke
break when a smartly dressed woman in
red pumps interrupts it soon becomes
clear the woman works for the 12 and she
demands to know why villanelle is
running wild in London playing games
with her aging friend Tasha makes a weak
excuse for villanelle and the woman
tells Dasha she will never be allowed to
return home to Russia if she can't keep
villanelle away from Eve Dasha offers to
kill Eve but the woman in the red pump
declines instead she instructs Dasha to
drive a wedge between E and villanelle
we are back in Poland but this time
we're riding shotgun with Dasha we watch
as she greets Niko disguised as an old
Polish woman apparently she disposed of
the last old Polish woman then we get to
see exactly what - has been up to behind
the scenes this entire time you know
those text messages from Niko learn Eve
to Poland from Dasha we then watch as
Dasha attaches a note to a pitchfork
that reads still got it and sneaks up
behind Niko as Eve waves her hubby Dasha
stabs him with the pitchfork and
scampers away her evil plan finally
complete and last but not least
Konstantin has come through for
villanelle and although we don't know
where she is or ever it is it's home and
that's it for the recap thank you guys
so much for watching tell me do you
think Dasha has finally succeeded in
turning Eve against villanelle and why
don't the twelve just kill Eve what's
their real reason for keeping her alive
and seriously what is up with Geraldine
let me know what you think in the
comments don't forget to subscribe and
I'll see you next week